CREATE: New document for documentation process (#85)
thoth-tech/handbook: docs/processes/documentation/documentation.md

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: **question:** @talzid @sksingh2022 What is the difference between this doc and the [one](https://github.com/thoth-tech/handbook/blob//docs/documentation/index.md) we currenttly have in this folder?

## Introduction

> Documentation is one of the most important parts of any software epic. It is imperative to remember, you will not be working on the capstone projects forever and that there will be people taking your place within Thoth Tech.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer if our handbook was less capstone related and more company focused.
Although, Thith Tech is for capstone, it is still a viable open source company and should be spoken about as such.

Consider rephrasing: 

```suggestion
Thoth Tech prides itself on our ability to produce sustainable solutions, this can be achieved through documentation.
Documentation is an important element in the software development life cycle. It continues throughout the entire project.
It is imperative to remember, others will take over your projects or want to learn more about how it works and why. 
```

> Documentation is the offical information that is provided by the company for users and contributors. Documentation should provide clarity around troubleshooting and provide users and those involved with a basic idea of what it is the platform does and how it works.

Reviewer 2: Hopefully it is more than a basic understanding 

```suggestion
Documentation is offical information, provided by the company for users and contributors. Documentation is written for specific audiences and provide knowledge on the platform.
```

The Thoth Tech documentation should all be stored in the documentation repositry within the company GitHub. All documentation should be stored in a .md format and anything to do with research, meeting minutes and updates, should be stored within the [documentation repositry](https://github.com/thoth-tech/documentation).

## Why is it important?

> Without documentation, there is no record of:

Reviewer 2: Not entirely true, it is possible to find a record but it is difficult.

I would remove this section and the following list. Easier to link to find information in one spot such as the Docs repo.

Author: Section removed

- Choices and Decisions
- Why functionality is added
- What processes are
- How users use the tool
- What project updates have been added
- And more

> Thoth Tech documentation are not only used by the one respective team. The documentation can be accesed at anytime by any of the Thoth Tech company members just to see where a project is heading and what progress has been made. Additionally, should other teams wish, they may collaborate and think of intuitve ways in which to further improve the projects.

Reviewer 2: I personally would not include the section about collaboration, I do not think this is the right place to suggest such activity and will depend on the area leads of that tri. Better to leave that go future area leads and have one source of truth.

```suggestion
Thoth Tech documentation is accessible to all.
```

## Guidelines

When documenting, we recommend you consider the following when writing your documentation:

- Clear
- Useful
- Friendly
- Appropriate
- Consistent
- Accessible

> Further to this, we ask you consider reading the documentation upskilling guide on the [training centre](docs/../../../learning/training/writing-documentation.md)

Reviewer 2: As this is essentially an index page that might have future links, I would consider a list. 

```suggestion
For more information:

- [writing documentation guide](docs/../../../learning/training/writing-documentation.md)
```

## Contributing

> Please see the [contribution guidelines](docs/processes/../../../quality-assurance/git-contribution-guide.md)

Reviewer 2: This should be linked to in documentation repo readme.md. 

As it is already mentioned in the handbook on the readme.md I would refrain from linking to it again.

Author: Section also removed - thank you
